# hello_world

Hello World, hello Universe, it's Thanksgiving, I have volunteered to work today and I must be insane. Waiting until 2pm when I can run to get a bottle of wine, and begin stuffing my face on pumpkin pie and eggnog ice cream. We aren't having turkey. My girlfriend doesn't want to cook, and neither do I. Last time I tried to cook a turkey I nearly set the apartment on fire, and learned first hand about this magical thing called "Greek fire" and also saw briefly why it was so terrifying to warriors of old through my accidentally-on-purpose-not-really home version demo. Note to self, grease still floats when it's on fire. I should have also remembered that when hot oil/grease and water collide there are little but powerful explosions which spread flames farther. The overall experience was further illuminating as I learned several ways how NOT to put out a grease fire and barely saved my library from certain doom in the flames of a sage and garlic scented inferno. So no turkey. We are having steak (sorry cow). My 8 year old daughter has recently gone 'pescetarian' and eats only shrimp anyways. And pizza. We made the mistake of letting her watch Free Birds the other day and now she wants pizza and shrimp for Thanksgiving. At least we are having potatoes (I'm Irish heLLO) and pumpkin pie. And wine. At least I'll be having the wine. I'm not allowed to drink, go out or do anything without some stupid drama and doomsday scenario from my other half and she never wants to babysit even to let me out with my friends, so fuck it. Thanksgiving I get wine. Something to numb my irritation at the world, at her, and her overall lack of inspiration, drive, and motivation at least until tomorrow, when I'm back here again!! This is my sanctuary. Weirdly enough, I don't think I'd still be as sane as I am without a place to escape to, drama-free for 8 hours a day. And these geeks are AWESOME. I work for a tech startup. As the HR person/office everything but development person. I'm your go-to gal for anything non-tech related. Which I am about to change by learning to code. Booyah! Moneymoneymooooneeeyyyyy.....

Starseeker OUT *Obama-style mic drop*
